{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\keywords cursorLocation=835, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15520\viewh11820\viewkind1\viewscale121
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 IOS 101: Crash Course Live - iOS App Development
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 About this Course\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
WHOOH Hi Everybody!!! We\'92re hosting another Crash Course Live on iOS App Development!\
\
In this course we will learn about the Xcode environment and the Swift language by building a fully deployable app together. This course is for beginners, no coding experience needed.\
\
The idea of this course is to give us a flavor of what it\'92s like to develop an app by building a fairly complex app together. We are building a small version of the iPhone music player app, and then we will deploy it to our phones.\
\
We will go from zero knowledge of building apps and programming to having the experience of developing a fully deployed app in about 3 hours.\
\
We can do almost anything when we work together with our friends! So we are gonna make new friends and build together!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 What you we will learn
\b0 \
\
Getting Started With Xcode 7 and Swift 2\
\
--Become comfortable working with the Xcode environment.\
\
--How to work with ViewController, Stroyboard, and IBOutlets.\
\
Swift 2 Programming Basics with Swift\
\
--How to use basic variables\
\
--Basic object oriented programming\
\
--Functions, arrays, conditionals, loops.\
\
Xcode UI Design\
\
--How to use Auto Layout and Constraints\
\
--How to incorporate Assets into our projects\
\
Putting it all together\
\
--Put it all together into our final Simple Audio App.\
\
\

\b Prerequisites and Requirements
\b0 \
\
While no prior programming experience needed, this course does go relatively quickly so having some programming experience is a plus. Also: --OSX computer - Please bring your own Mac.\
\
--Please try to install Xcode ahead of time, it's a free: https://developer.apple.com/xcode/\
\

\b About the instructor
\b0 \
\
Cy is a software engineer and one of the first founders of Object-Oriented.org and organizer for Tech DC and NOVA iOS. \
\
He\'92s worked as a data research consultant for the National Journal Group and Government Executive. He frequently speaks on technology and programming at conventions across the country. Currently, he is building an tech / entrepreneurial community in DC. The goal is to bring together bring together an elite group of socially responsible entrepreneurs, developers, and young professionals. \
\
Cy is passionate about using data analytics and building data driven products to help government and business leaders meet their challenges. Visit his website at www.cynonymous.com to learn more.}